welcome back guys today we're covering
2010 south korean thriller movie called
i saw the devil
the movie begins as we see a van
traveling along a deserted road in snowy
weather at the stretch of the icy road
there is a stranded car with its tire
punctured inside the car a girl is
talking with someone on the phone who
happens to be her fiance kim soo as
she's killing time the van driver in a
black hoodie approaches the car and
inquires about why she's here alone in
the middle of the night the girl tells
him that her car tire has been flattened
so she's waiting for the tow truck the
man in black hoodie offers her a ride
but her fiance advises her to wait for
the tow truck and she politely refuses
the driver's offer meanwhile her fiance
who's an agent advises her to wait for
the tow truck and they keep talking
back on the road the driver then walks
towards the van and gets in the vehicle
the girl observes the driver and starts
to suspect him as the van doesn't move
for a long time due to the bad vibe she
tries to start her car and out of
nowhere the driver breaks the car window
with a hammer grabs the girl and starts
hurting her brutally until he knocks her
out later he drags her leaving a trail
of blood on the snow
the next scene shows us that the girl is
wrapped in a plastic bag in an abandoned
warehouse the man is beside her and
chains her wrist to a post after some
time the girl starts to develop her
senses and becomes aware that the man is
going to kill her so she begs him to
spare her and her unborn child's life
but the man doesn't give an ear and
murders her ruthlessly into pieces
the scene then shifts to a field where a
young lad finds a plastic bag inside the
bag there's a cut-off ear the following
night the police began an extensive
search for the girl the crime was so
shocking it created a feeling of
disarray the girl's father who's the
chief detective reaches the crime scene
and starts grieving her fiance agent kim
soo also arrives at the scene meanwhile
the workers find her discarded head in
the lake and pull it out to quickly wrap
it up in a box as the crowd gathers the
forensic expert who's taking the box
away trips and ju jung's head falls out
of the box and rolls out right in front
of the agent kim upon the devastating
sight he breaks down into tears
after the turmoil her father sits in a
daze mourning over the fact that he
couldn't even protect his own daughter
afterwards all of her beloved relatives
grieve over her demise
meanwhile in a quest of revenge kim
who's an agent of the national
intelligence service decides to go on a
vigilante hunt to kill the man who
murdered his beloved wife to be in order
to achieve it he takes a leave from the
service
in the next scene kim meets his friend
who's also an agent he gives kim a gps
tracker and tells him that if the gps
remains inside of the body of a person
his location and all the conversations
can be tracked down
the next day kim meets with his fiance's
father he hands over the information
about serial killers fitting the killing
profile to kim and pleased with him to
find the heinous man who killed his
daughter
agent kim hunts down two possible
subjects that he believed kill her
fiance and beats the [ __ ] out of them
but instantly he knows that he's beating
the bush here so he moves to a third
suspect we then see a girl helplessly
standing alone at a bus stop with the
worst luck the killer from the van
passes by the stop and asks the girl if
she needs a ride she's hesitant at first
but later accepts the offer as the
driver insists the girl tries to break
the ice by making small conversation but
the man takes no notice of it later on
the man reaches for a pipe and begins
beating her over the head and in the
later scene decapitates her with a
guillotine disguised as a life insurance
representative agent kim drops by the
driver's parents house and unearths the
driver's identity the killer's name is
jang and he has a son his mother
identifies his recent picture while his
father condemns him for leaving them
later on kim meets jang's son who
informs him about his location
the scene then shifts to jang's house
where agent kim discovers women's
handbags undergarments and women's
clothing which confirms that jang is the
real perpetrator that he's looking for
as he was inspecting the house kim
discovers the killer slaughter room and
he abruptly bursts into tears as he sees
his fiance's engagement ring stuck
between the drain pipes
we now see that the killer is a school
van driver this is absolute carnage and
it's a perfect mask for him to hide as
he seems to blend in with the community
as soon as the police know about jang's
identity they come to the school looking
for him and ask one of the workers to
call him as he receives the call the
look on jang's face reveals that he's
totally doomed now but sadly at this
point a single schoolgirl can be seen in
the van
as jang knows that he's on the verge of
being caught he impulsively decides to
kill the schoolgirl in the next scene
the schoolgirl is abducted in the van
and jang brings her to a greenhouse and
proceeds to rape and kill the girl but
as he's starting the heinous act he's
caught by kim soo jane takes out a hand
scythe and comes face to face with kim a
fight of reps between them but it is
mostly one-sided as agent sue is beating
the crap out of him jane gets scared to
death and tries to escape but is
prevented by sue's spark plug kick as
they are fighting agent sue wraps jang's
head with a plastic bag and whacks his
face on the rock several times
just as he's about to crush jang's skull
with the rock he drops the stone boulder
the expression on kim's face exhibits a
desire in his eyes to squeeze the life
out of this wicked killer but he
comprehends that a quick death is not
enough for what he did to his lover so
he puts down the gps tracker deep into
his throat and breaks his arm
we now see that as jang restores his
consciousness he finds an envelope full
of money beside him and he seems pretty
surprised as to why kim left him such a
big bag full of cash
the scene then turns over to the highway
where jang is with his broken arm
wandering in search of passing vehicles
in the meantime agent sue is keeping a
tail on him jang finally manages to
hitch a ride from a passing cab the taxi
driver seems to have a passenger in the
back but the passenger states it's a
treat to have company in these tedious
rides
as he enters the car he notices the rear
passenger blatantly glaring at him so
right away he suspects something's fishy
moreover jang notices something unusual
that the pitcher on the driver's license
doesn't match up with the driver's face
he takes a moment to settle in and as
their journey proceeds jen kills both
the driver and the passenger instantly
by piercing the flesh multiple times
with the knife until the car crashes
later zhang discovers the body of the
original driver in the trunk and he
laughs hysterically and amusingly calls
the killer's crazy bastards
in order to heal the bruises giant goes
for a local clinic in a yellow soccer
jersey in the meantime agent sue follows
him with the gps tracker to the clinic
jang couldn't control a sick mind even
for a minute and lures the nurse to a
side room zhang begins to harass her she
begs for mercy but the animal proceeds
to sexually assault her in the meantime
the door opens and agent sue comes from
behind he smacks the fire extinguisher
into his face jang shouts who the [ __ ]
are you sue beats the [ __ ] out of him
again and asks the nurse to stay here in
order to treat him furthermore agent sue
mercilessly slits his ankles tendon and
with a scalpel admonishes jang by
stating that it's just the beginning
your nightmare is only getting worse
we then see the wounded jiang dropping
out of a car but nevertheless moving on
he drives down the dark highway while
agent sue follows him zhang ditches his
car and surprisingly manages to hitch a
ride in a military vehicle the next
scene introduces us to two new
characters zhang's friend taiju who is a
cracking cannibal with vicious beastly
dogs as pets
jang manages to arrive at his place
while we see agent suits talking to the
chief and his sister who shares her
insecurities with him urging him to stop
his hunt but agent sue refuses to accept
her request and continues the pursuit on
the other hand jang his friend and his
friend's girlfriend chat casually at a
dinner table while savoring the flesh of
humans jang states that his friend has
gone crazy and he gets up to have some
whiskey in the interim tae joo comments
that his hunter is some relative of the
girl he killed and laughs that he's
enjoying the hunt
thanks to the gps tracker agent sue
listens to the whole conversation
outside meanwhile taiju suggests jane
gets some sleep as he prepares his next
meal we now see jang is smoking while
laying on the bed and tries to remember
who that person was he recalls a ring
and starts to recollect his memories and
finally remember who the victim was and
why this person is beating him
ruthlessly on the other hand tae ju can
be seen dragging a young girl which he
kidnapped in order to kill her he drags
the chains and slogs the girl into the
kitchen as the barbarian threatens the
innocent girl sue arrives at the scene
and confronts taejoo and brutally breaks
his bones as they are fighting jang
hears the commotion and arms himself
with a shotgun and starts shooting
towards agent kim soo dodges the shots
and escapes the room jiang frees his
friend while agent sue manages to find a
metal pipe as he keeps a lookout he
fights with tae ju's girlfriend and
knocks her down the scene ends with an
absolute thriller fight where agent sue
fights against heiju and later smashes
the pipe into zhang's head and makes him
unconscious in the later scene the
officer talks with the intelligence
chief demanding him to make agent sue
stop the hunt meanwhile the criminals
are shifted to the hospital for
treatment agent sue also goes to the
hospital as he too is injured we then
see that jang was lying on a hospital
bed listening to the conversation of
agent kim and his fellow agents the
agent asks sue if the gps is working
fine as of this moment jang realizes
that agent sue is able to track him
through the gps
the next scene begins in a dark tunnel
where jang wakes up he now knows that
agent kim can listen to him so he tries
to communicate with him jang starts
playing with sue's head and telling him
that his wife was pregnant and begged
him for her life and how he chopped her
into pieces
jang manages to get rid of the tracker
and put it inside another man agent sue
arrives at the location and finds out
that jiang has finally escaped meanwhile
at the hospital out of the blue police
receive a call from zhang saying he is
willing to surrender in the meantime
agent sue heads out to the hospital to
investigate tae joo in order to locate
jiang's possible whereabouts and what
he's planning to do next taejoo
mockingly reveals that jang is planning
to kill the chief his fiance's father
and remaining daughter and afterwards
plans to turn himself in taiji jests
about how this woman took some pleasure
as well and enrages sue and he angrily
begins to tear j2's mouth and breaks his
jaw we can see in the next scene that
the police cars are rushing towards the
chief's house but it is too late as jang
reaches the place first he brutally hits
the chief with the dumbbell and kills
his other daughter as well in the
meantime agent sue reaches the house
where the police are already present the
head officer scolds agent sue for his
incompetency he limps inside the house
to find the chief severely injured
suddenly jane calls agent sue and asks
him who do you think really won you or
me as agent sue drives ferociously
through the traffic jang stands on the
busy intersection in an attempt to bring
himself in however desperate agent sue
comes to the scene in a car manages to
grab jang and drags him off to the same
warehouse where he killed agent sue's
fiance
in the final moments of the movie it can
be seen that agent sue ties jang
underneath his own guillotine and
there's an intense exchange of words
between them
jane states that he's at peace by
knowing he took everything away from kim
by killing all of his beloved ones and
there's no amount of pain that can
relate to his pain
soo then starts torturing jane by
popping up the sharp screw into his
mouth through his cheeks helplessly jane
starts to cry and plea for his death
after some senseless words from jang
agent sue silently walks out of the
warehouse
in the next scene we can see that the
guillotine's been tied up with the door
jang's parents and son come to the
warehouse where jang begs them not to
open the door
unintentionally zhang's own parents open
the door and the guillainteen falls down
decapitating his head and it rolls in
front of his son and parents the movie
then comes to an end as agent sue walks
away from the house shattered from the
inside in absolute pain and agony he
breaks down into tears as the film cuts
to black
thanks for watching guys